# My Tasks of 2026
---
author: Jason Song <metaseed@gmail.com>
version: 1.0.0
tag: []
subPage: []
enable: [toc]

---
## 0523
* pwsh
    * [x] git-reviewDone, accept new commit message when ask reviewing
    * [x] pwsh vim-like-mark hotekey adjustment
* cursor
  * [x] config ctrl+j shortcut to toggle terminal panel
* vscode
    * [x] config gemini
* metatool
    * [x] adjust screen hint to use recognition by default.
    * [x] update the current screen hint model 
## 0525 
* metatool
    * [x] hint: show hint boundary after typing fist key(multip chars hint).
    * [x] hint: add cathedUIA, titleVision and Hybrid hint detection, and assign hotkeys for them.
    * [x] Keyboard: ResetState function, KeybaordMouse tool call it at start time  
    * [] fix on debug exception throw on several places when 'just my code'
## 0526

* pwsh
    * [x] Push-Error and Pop--Error commands    
    * [x] fix functions in Private foder are exported in Module
## 0527
* [x] yazi: lang-sevice in vscode; line mode to show size and mtime
* [x] pwsh: adjust install-pwsh script
* [x] metatool: LanguageKey  as a seperate app.                  
* [x] metatool: keyboard61 as a seperate app.
## 0528
* [x] metatool: add repeat space shortcut key. requirement: some time we need to enable 'space' key down state. (currently we make space bar as a global modifier key.)
* [x] reimplement KeyboardState class to get the real physical state of keyboard
* [x] metatool: logs ui no show logs when first time shown
* [x] metatool: web ui (logs and keys) font size is not the same as after drag to resize
## 0529
* [x] metatool: WebUI: when show from hidden, (cover, half conver), bring to front
* [x] metatool: WebUI: when in dev mode but no server for ui, warning and use prod mode.
* [x] metatool: WebUI: use ILogger for logs
* [x] metatool: WebUI: do not create hotkey-ui on app starting, create when used.
* [x] metatool: WebUI: lazyloading wait for window fully init.
* [x] metatool: Help:  make restart command appear in comands window's list
* [x] metatool: keyboardMouse: when user switched the mouse left right, we need to switch left/rigth click accordingly

## 0530
* [x] metatool: hint: when hints appear and the cursor is already sitting on top of one (without the user moving), the hover kicks in and dims everything to show the red box—which is distracting. only show region box when cursor is on hint and moved a bit. when hint is shown and cursor top, if curor has not moving, don't show red region box.
* [x] metatool:software: when tab+f to show everything, because it take time to show everything, so a notification
* [x] metatool: KeyMouse: switch to active window on screen trustable: why when change to different screen, it can recognize the window right, but can not switch it to active, i.e. there would be 2 keybord cursor flashing, one on the old screen's active window, anther on the new screen window but actutally it is not active and input and keyboard action are still on the old screen(active window), this happens sometime not always, around 5% percent of times
* [x] metatool: publish: only auto kill metatool when running from 'publish' folder.
* [x] metatool: keyMouse: extend 'GK+g' command to cyclicly goto 0.1, 0.5, 0.9, configurable locaitons.
* [x] metajump: support vscode in web browser.
* [x] metaGo: upgrade all projects to modern framework
* [x] metatool: keyMouse: `GK + T`: up/down move mouse in window by position set: [0.33, 0.66]
## 0531
* [x] metatool: keyMouse: scrool: when mouse is already in active window, do not go to center.
* [x] metatool: keyMouse: moveMouseInActiveWindow: rewrite
* [x] metago: fix metapair: selection with space, i.e. in url string.
* [x] metago: shared tab input handling in Input Control
* [x] metago: metaPair: select between 'tab' keys is supported now.
* [x] metago: metaPair: fix: change pair from pair-char to pair-chars(i.e. '{','}') directly use one '{', not consider '{', '}'. i.e. change ' ', with '{', would replace the two space with '{' and '}'.
* [x] metago: new release metaGo
## 0601
* [x] metago:metaword: adjust shortcut some are not usable on windows i.e. that with 'win' key. finally use new desgin; `alt+;` to enter space mode, then arrow/delete/backpace, any other key to escape.
* [x] metago: dev workflow enhancement.
* [x] metago:metaword: fix: adjust behavior as old design. add space-mode for space seperated navigation/selection/deletion
* [x] metago: publish.ps1 can publish all extension to open vsx and vscode marketplace, so cursor can search and use them.
* [x] pwsh: prompt: lunar calendar use chinese char.
* [x] yazi: remove the 'code (block)' edit menu item in openWith context menu.
* [x] metaword:ParticalWord: - behavior need to change, and it is not compitable with the _ (which is right), left-move: always stay at the end of partical, right-move: always stop at the start of word part. Note: we directly use command from vscode, and the behavior is not under our control

## 0603
* [x] metatool:keyMouse:2x3grid: find nearest location index from current mouse point, to update currentIndex(global->local), because user may have moved the moved the mouse.
* [x] MetaGo.Web>Refect: prepare for MVP local release.
* [x] local release MetaGo.Web
* [x] MetaGo.Web/KeyHandler: generalize key handler both for sequence/combination.
## 0604
* [x] MetaGo.web|feat: add status toast and merged with original prompt msg
* [x] MetaTool:KeyMouse: wiggle mouse pointer a while after move like user. 
* [x] MetaGo.web/jump-to-char|fix: not work on special char i.e. ';', ':'  
* [] MetaGo.web/jump-to-char|feat: hide hints when hold a configurable key. i.e. <space> or <ctrl>
* [] MetaGo.web/jump-to-char|fix: scope problem, need to search based on element detection.

## ToDo
* [] metajump: browerExtension: new proj, as a start point for replacing surfingkeys.
* [] metatool: help: up/down arrow not work.
* [] pwsh: prompt: directly use git to generate status. 
* [] pwsh: prompt: none repo do not use temp-line prompt.
* [] iam: fix 'iam' edit box: can not respond to 'esc' for bluring edit; have selection, esc to unselect;
* [] iam: ctrl+l to select current line, again to extend selection down, ctrl+o to extend up
* [] iam: add iam edit: typo checking.
* [] iam: metajump works(rely on metajump brower extension)
* [] new IDESwitch project: `shift+alt+c`: to vscode; `shift+alt+v`: to visual studio; `shift+alt+s`: to cursor;  change `shif+alt+x` to snap screen
* [] think about content into money solution: words to video template 
  