# Diary
---
author: Jason Song <metaseed@gmail.com>
version: 1.0.0 
tag: [diary]
subPage: []
enable: [toc]

---
## 20260225 
### Metatool Todo
1. [x]  [`alb+tab` error of Enum.GetName (fixed, 20260225)
1. [x] wpfHint when window is crossing screen, hints outside of screen is grouped on top-left corner.(fixed: 26)
1. [x] Hint: consider do autoHint at background so that when user want to go, just show the hint is fast.
    1. hard: because the UI may updated automaticly later.
    1. we can imporve efficency.
1. ~~add mouse cursor moving function(not do it, if really need it, because the experience is not good i.e. hard to move vertical + horizontal)~~

### Work
1. add user story of TimeData tech debt: https://dev.azure.com/slb1-swt/Planck/_workitems/edit/2624798
1. kickoff Modbus writing API design with Marie 
1. Profibus simulator logs

### Leaning
1. everyting claude: https://x.com/affaanmustafa/status/2012378465664745795

## 0227
### Mertatol
* [x] make keyMouse app run
* [x] win+tab add shortcut to switch active screen, 3 times of tab press or shipt+tab press, context sensitive.

## 0228
### Study
* [] nanoChat: https://github.com/karpathy/nanochat

## 0302
* [] 2025 review
The working year 2025 is a quite frutiful year for me. I foused on Profibus Pluign developement, and also continue contributing on the Plugins of OpcUa and Modbus for new features. I have done many collabration between different teams, either because of design of the plugin with DillOps Artichets, or requirement discussion with Pugins user-teams, i.e. with RheoProfiler and TLM Cementing for OpcUa and with Lab members in Clarmart for Profibus testing. I also have a successful intern mentoring with Yikang, with the goal of 'professional enthusiasm' in mind, I hope he has leaned both techincial and soft skills and setup a sound foudation for his future work. I also activly in hiring a new intern for the year 2026, and finally have a good candidate Marie. And I'm also activly doing knowledge within team whenever I find out somethin that can benift the growth of the team.
## 0304
* [x] metatool hint can be shown on windows notification panel
## 0305
* []  eneral/ennhanced UI detector lib
## 0312
## 0401
* [x] `I'm` add shortcut to focus active window on different screen: `space+1`, `space+2`, `space+3`
* []  yazi plugin for show hardlink list of target

## 0420
* [x] merge changes of OpcUa plugin changes into 25.10
* [x] release OpcUa plugin(v37.3.60) in Fuse.
* [] work on feature: Opcua Plugin: log filter config for publish messages to support diagnositic and QA testing.

## 0506

* Disscusion with Sammeer about a performance problem of the OpcUa Plugin(similar to problem we fixed before on 25.10 and master because of Angular 20 upgrading), there would a bug from the ONGC team, and we need to reproduce it and generate a new version of 25.4 OpcUa plugin.
* Code review on PR: https://slb1-swt.visualstudio.com/Planck/_git/planck/pullrequest/767294
* Pair with Albeiro about OpcUa Plugin V3 Release validation.
## 0507
* Negotiated with the IT department to secure an exemption for using mitmproxy (network analysis tool) and processed a formal request for a temporary Cortex XDR exclusion on the PC.

* Analyzed Bug 2671668 and proposed two viable solutions. Conducted a risk evaluation, determining the issue to be non-release-blocking. 
* Analysis Enhancement 2685334 about connection parameter editing, and asiggned it to Mikhail.
* Analysis Bug 2684845 about import connection has publish nodes info, and assigned it to Mikail.
* Anaylysis Bug 2689700 about creating connection with cert, and ask for more info.
* Code Review on Marie's Terra Plugin PR: 767294, and deliberate Terra Plugin's exception handling and Api desgin with Marie and Omar Aly.

## 0513
* Pr reviews
* Help Giuseppe around the 'Siemens Simatic CP 5612 card driver' 
* Biweekly Profibus simulator setup meeting.

## 0518
* [x] pr review for Tera Plugin
## 0519
* [x] RCA doc and meeting scheduling 
* [x] Answer question about profibus config in Houston Lab.
*
* [x] pwsh git: try to find better solution to for git-commitsReview when there is merge from master in pr.

#### depth jump
* click buffer time, 2h later click??
* depth jump despthion info icon in config.
* the buffer notification valide time
* several jumps happens. UI and buffer?

## 0520
* work
    * [x] Pr review:https://slb1-swt.visualstudio.com/Planck/_git/planck/pullrequest/774063
    * [x] RCA Meeting: RCA - OpcUa Plugin Config Regression 
    * [] bug fix: https://dev.azure.com/slb1-swt/Planck/_workitems/edit/2671668
* Yazi Plugin
    * [] ~~`Alt+d` to modify address, reference the `g,<space>`(jump interactively)~~ 
     >  we can directly  use `g,<space>` and press `./` or `../` to navigate.
## 0521
* work
    * [] pr review: https://dev.azure.com/slb1-swt/Planck/_git/planck/pullrequest/773613
## 0522
* work
    * [x] pr review: https://dev.azure.com/slb1-swt/Planck/_git/planck/pullrequest/773613
    * [] plan knowledge share: pr review workflow and tools(ai skill and automation scripts)
## 0526
* [] work on backend part of bug fix: 2671668, and create pr: https://dev.azure.com/slb1-swt/Planck/_git/planck/pullrequest/776952
* [] anser quesion about Prifibus Simulation Lab setup.

## 0527
my side:
* [x] code review of PR: 774904
* [wip] handling comments on PR: https://dev.azure.com/slb1-swt/Planck/_git/planck/pullrequest/776952
* [x] OpcUa in Field Test(Cement Report plugin, part of CemOps): disussion with Anand Sankar Aananthakrishnan, need to analysis the problem.
* [x] support Nayyir for Profibus-testing lab setup

#### one-to-one talk:
 RCA
* next week on share
 US transfer
##### Action: 
* DataAgregation Team Wiki.
* Book a time slot for dedicated SETC every week.
* AskHR about SETC.
##### End of Q3
* US transfer
* start SETC with HR: don't know how to start even.
* do a SIG webinar.
* at least 4 Knowledge share in team.

## 0528
* [x] pr review on 774884
* [x] pr review on 777042
* [x] HSE report task of May 

## 0611
* [x] intouch with IT support, to fix my pc's performance problem
* [x] meeting with Marie aobut Terra plugin

## 0614 - 0628
vacation

## 0629
- [x] clean accumulated emails during vacation.
- [x] devEnv: in the morning, get help with IT support for Global Protect connection problem: in China can not use current portal, have to use a special portal, but the gemini website, and Claude in Cursor is not available, finally solved by use my French Mobile SIM card to share a hotspot to setup connection with Global Protect and then change back to China local network, then connect the Amsterdam for connection
- [x] work on task 2747370, to validate the opcua gitleak issue, and create 2 prsm one for 26.04 and one for master.
- [x] Profibus test need help, OpcUa plugin Fuse release.
## 0630
- [x] explore way to obfucation secret data stored in config, and document it in v3 feature.
- [] Profibus debug meeting with Nayyir in Houston.
- [] investigate solutoin for bug: 2743704.