# Js Equality (==)
---
author: Jason Song <metaseed@gmail.com>
version: 1.0.0
tag: []
subPage: []
enable: [toc]

---

Unlike the strict equality operator, it attempts to convert and compare operands that are of different types.

The equality operators (== and !=) use the [Abstract Equality Comparison Algorithm](https://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/5.1/#sec-11.9.3) to compare two operands. This can be roughly summarised as follows:

* If the operands are both objects, return true only if both operands reference the same object.
    > object compared by reference
* If one operand is null and the other is undefined, return true.
    > undefined == null
* If the operands are of different types, try to convert them to the same type before comparing:
    * When comparing a number to a string, try to convert the string to a numeric value.
        > compared by number: '1' == 1 -> true
    * If one of the operands is a boolean, convert the boolean operand to 1 if it is true and +0 if it is false.
        > boolean is always converted to number
    * If one of the operands is an object and the other is a number or a string, try to convert the object to a primitive using the object's valueOf() and toString() methods.
* If the operands have the same type, they are compared as follows:
    * String: return true only if both operands have the same characters in the same order.
    * Number: return true only if both operands have the same value. +0 and -0 are treated as the same value. If either operand is NaN, return false.
    * Boolean: return true only if operands are both true or both false.
    
> The most notable difference between this operator and the strict equality (===) operator is that the strict equality operator does not attempt type conversion. Instead, the strict equality operator always considers operands of different types to be different.
```js

```