# 2021 Work Summary
---
author: Jason Song <metaseed@gmail.com>
version: 1.0.0
tag: []
subPage: []
enable: [toc]

---
 
## outside-team work highlight
* help core team and pair with Jane Li to solve the heavy memleak problem of ComputationProcess.service that caused by dotnet core.
* work with symphony team and pair with Daniel Kwan to solve the memleak problem caused by RX.net package.
* contribute to Planck-Cli: created powershell script to help drillops developer changing Service exe path, shared within team and refactor it into c# and commit it as a planck-cli sub-script. 
*  interviewer in SLB 2021 Fall NAM Recruiting of Software Engineering - 1st Round Interview.

## Presto team work highlight
* fix critical bug on ControlGateway Iraq setup: OPCUA server status unknow problem(CG disconnected when KeepAlive message can not send out), which is thread scheduling problem within CG and thirdparty OPCUADriver, and is very hard to nail down.  summary(1645589)
* fix Authority lost problem on Coda02 and Coda04 with new Presto 1.1 Driver(it's the implementation performance problem, during fix the problem I implementated a f# script, which would be reused to trace performance problem caused by dotnet CLR garbage collection)(1682770)
* activly involved in task and hard-bone problem that related to several teams, i.e. Akita 802: AutoROP unresponsive problem(1658124, 1643706);  make Symphony UnitAbstract lib to dotnet standard(1681446); RigGateway is configurable via the Automation Config page(1702051); Health Monitor page displays RigGateway Health(1702053) ...
* RigGateway Service: implement Time Series Data(1668818); CG fails to reconnect/communicate on OPC-UA driver(1666524); ...
* customerize Presto-Util building pipeline, make the experience similar to the Planck pipeline, improve usaibility and save dev time.
* actively participate team routine work: SonarQube code smell, periode nuget package updating of CG service...
## UI Migration team work highlight
* investigate and implement the way to migrate the Automation UI's Form module to Angular Form package, show and review within team, although not used but layout foundation for futrue work, and serve as a way to migrate to Angular From if Core team also determined to use Angular From as a standarded way.
* improve Automation UI's Form implementation and integrate work from previous Angular From migration investigation. Make the current form Automation Form a full function Form implementation that support validation/auto validation message tooltip/form building from data model, it's set the foundation ad used by Automation Driver Config page and other pages.
* migrate Automation Driver Config page from angular.js to Angular with the improved Automation UI's form implementation, and set as an example to use it in other pages.
* except the Form module that could be reused by other pages, contribute to shared module: spinning waing component, primative value form component, validation error tooltip directive, subscription management base driective... and do quick knowledge share about the sharable contribution in almost every inner team scrum meeting.

## knowledge share
* KDSC Talk about how to solve dotnet application performance problem with RigGateway service's performance problem as an example
* Knowledge share within Presto and Symphony team about the experience of investigating the Opcua driver's server status 'unknown' issue , and share the created powershell script that can automatically saving Softing-Opcua-Driver log.
* Knowledge share within Presto and Symphony team about the experience of creating javascript brower plugin that can improve Seq user experience when managing log-queries, and share how to setup/share/export/import/delete/group queiry-conditions.
* Knowledge share of Seq introdution to none-developers with Symphony and QA team.

